Hello, 

sorry if i write in english, but due to reading all the technical implementations and documentations in english all the time,
the way for me to describe a system is currently in english. 
My mother tonge is german. If wished i can also translate everything into german.



About my server:

I commented alot in the java files, so that should be probably be better to use to actually see what i did.

It was also really hard to find a tutorial at all without it having the httpServer class already implemented.
I started from the ground, without any experience in server programming and also having some really rustic skills with java. 
It has been a long time (about 3 years) since i last programmed with java so that was also interesting to come back to.

As for the implementation, i struggled a lot. But i managed to gather a lot of information for myself and learned a lot.

But now back to the actual implementation and what i did:

------------ Description ------------
Create a main function that parses the arguments to the program.
In the main function we create a new server.

The server implements the input/output streams and calls the parse function
Inside the parse function, we take the input and parse it to its members and key:value pairs.
From that we can extract the path to the filesystem.

Then we check if the path to the file system is a directory or a file.
If it is a directory, we write every name into a new string and a new line.
If it is a file, we read the file into a datainputstream and write that information into a dataoutputstream that goes back to the client.

------------------------------------

-----------Design consideration ---------------

See the added java file with annotations to get the design considerations.
Inside the program it is easier to read and understand as to why i did it the way i did it.

-----------------------------------------------

Nohing spectacular, but it was alot of work for me, mainly because i got the flu inbetween working on this project and could not wrap my head around some really easy stuff for a long time.
I also did not want to implement anything within the HTTPServer class which would be the easy route, but i would still know not that much in comparison to now. 

Everything i did is my own work. I only had help from tutorials on how to actually create a socket+multithreading because i did not know where i should start.  
I am not anywhere i wish i would be, but now i know where i lack bigtime as a programmer. 
I am actually not proud at all on what i send you guys. I know where the programm still lacks functionality.
I could only do that much in the timeframe with being down with the flu.

Best wishes
Fabian Grotz 

